Previously on "The Americans"...
Is something going on?
I've been wanting to tell you.
The business is falling apart.
And I think it might be going under.
I used to ask myself,
why is this guy, and his wife,
coming home at three, four
in the morning?
How hard can they possibly work?
_
I have to tell you something.
Someone from home reached out to me.
He asked me to tell him
what you were doing.
What did you tell him?
That you were looking into
one of our negotiators
who you thought was a traitor.
Nesterenko didn't say
anything suspicious at the meeting.
It doesn't matter.
You need to take care of him.
And... they tell us
what to do and we do it,
I get it, that's how it works,
but... we do it, not them.
I didn't do it.
Nesterenko.
He seems like a decent man.
After all these years,
serving your country,
don't throw it all away, now.
I need to talk to your guy.
Tell him that what
he's worried about is happening.
This came in while you were out.
Father Andrei.
You meet him.
Maybe he'll give you absolution.
I have to go back out.
They might still go after Nesterenko.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
_
Hey!
- Hey.
- What's up?
I was in the area,
thought I'd stick my head in.
Ah. You want some coffee or something?
No, I'm good.
Place looks different.
You haven't been here
since the expansion.
Let me show you around.
We... Yeah.
We tore down walls,
we opened things up,
and made some room
for all the employees we added.
- Wow.
- Philip?
- Yeah?
- Oh. Is this a bad time?
No, no, no, no. Rick,
come meet my buddy Stan Beeman.
Stan is an FBI agent,
so be careful what you say.
- Oh.
- Yeah, we did a trip
for his friends a bunch of years back.
You know, with
all this new expansion...
And all our new resources...
We should just dig in
and see if we can help out
with the Bureau's travel needs.
Sure... I could see
who handles that stuff.
Yeah, I mean...
Only if...
Yeah, um...
- I just need you to, uh, sign this.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
Likewise.
I'm sorry. I always have
my salesman's hat on in here.
No, it's okay,
you know, I can ask around.
No, no. Don't. Don't.
You know, I'm not desperate,
I'm glad you stopped by.
Haven't gotten around
to, uh, re-doing the office.
Good thing I didn't.
She out of town again?
Uh...
No, we... we had a fight.
'Bout what?
Work.
Renee says you guys are lucky
to get to work together.
She wants to come work
at the FBI with me.
How about that?
Yeah. I don't know. Be careful.
So, how much in the hole are you?
I... I don't want to say.
You know, I could...
I could maybe come up with something.
I have some savings. As a loan.
Thanks, but, you know, I'm
working on turning things around
and getting things back
on an even keel...
Um, but I appreciate that, truly...
but, um, I can't take your money.
¿Hola?
- Pastor Tim?
- Yep.
It's Stan Beeman. I'm not sure
if you remember me.
I'm a neighbor of
Philip and Elizabeth Jennings.
The FBI agent.
We had dinner at the Jennings'
house a while back.
Of course. Yes, I remember you.
Is everything okay?
Oh, yes. Fine. Fine.
I didn't mean to alarm you.
I just wanted to ask you
a few questions.
Okay.
How do you like Buenos Aires?
Uh, it's a lot of hard work,
but I love it.
Never get homesick?
Well, there's definitely
things I miss, people.
But this feels like home now.
And your wife and daughter are well?
Yes, they are. Thank you for asking.
But you didn't call
to ask me about that.
No.
I know you are,
were close to the Jennings.
Yes.
I haven't spoken to them
in years, though.
Yeah. Hard to keep in touch
when you're so far away.
Yeah.
This conversation
should stay between us.
I'm speaking with you as
a law enforcement officer now.
Plus, I know you're used to
keeping things confidential,
so I would appreciate it if you could
keep our conversation confidential.
Sure. I understand.
Good.
Is there anything I should know,
as an FBI agent,
about the Jennings family?
Anything about them that concerned you?
Well, I'm not sure
what you're looking for,
but I've always
been impressed with them.
Paige is a very dedicated
and thoughtful young woman.
Always so helpful at the church.
Philip and Elizabeth...
weren't members of the church...
but I know they loved Paige.
So... nothing else?
Not really.
_
Is he in?
Yeah?
Sorry, Stan. I'm...
Sabonis's reports
on the video surveillance
for the garages.
He's analyzed fifteen hundred
hours of footage.
Anything?
Nope.
What's up?
Uh...
Any chance you've got
ten minutes for a beer?
Now?
Maybe after work? Today.
I'll be here till the wee hours.
Yeah. I probably will, too.
Okay, well, yeah...
You want to have lunch?
Right now?
That sounds good.
When's Renee's interview?
Next Wednesday.
Pretty soon it'll be the three
of us having lunch here.
Yeah. Great.
You'll get used to it.
Breakfast... dinner...
I think one meal in between...
Well, you'll just tell her you're busy.
Yeah.
You okay?
What's going on?
I know this sounds crazy,
but I can't get this thing
out of my head.
What?
You know Philip and Elizabeth...
When I first met them,
I was working on the Timoshev thing.
Philip and Elizabeth drove
the same make and model of car
that was seen
near where he was kidnapped.
Different license, but...
I know, it's stupid, right?
I forgot about it after that,
but the way she rushed
out of town on Thanksgiving...
Yeah...
And he headed out after, the next day,
right when everything
was going down in Chicago.
They left their kid here alone.
Who does that, over Thanksgiving?
I talked to this guy
who worked with Gregory Thomas,
the guy who killed my partner...
I know.
He said the woman
who Gregory worked with...
Who was also Gregory's girlfriend...
Had beautiful hair
and smoked like a chimney.
The other night,
I found a bunch of cigarette
butts behind their house.
I've never seen Elizabeth smoke.
You went over to their house?
Yeah. I...
I couldn't get it out of my mind,
and I thought,
what if...
You think Elizabeth Jennings
was Gregory Thomas's girlfriend?
I know that it sounds...
Philip and Elizabeth Jennings
are not Russian spies.
I know it sounds crazy, Dennis...
You remember what William Crandall said
before he died?
Regular couple,
pretty wife, couple of kids...
Well, that narrows it
to a million people
in the metropolitan area.
Maybe more, depending
on his taste in women.
Agent Aderholt.
I was just coming to find you.
Agent Wolfe's ready.
I gotta go.
Thank you for coming in
to talk to us, Father.
We're sorry we had to insist.
It's all right.
We have no problem with the church.
We hope you understand that.
I understand.
We do want to ask you a few questions
about certain dealings
we know the church hierarchy
has had with
some official representatives
of the Soviet government.
You understand of course,
I am a man of God.
Yes, of course.
I shouldn't be harassed or subjected
to any kind of intimidation
by those people who fail
to respect my position as,
first and foremost, a servant of God.
We understand, Father.
If I'm here because...
Well, I know people talk.
And I'm aware
things are of concern to you.
But it's of concern to me, too.
Good.
When certain people in the church,
whose connections
to the authorities back home
are more important to them
than serving God,
talk about me, to their own "contacts,"
behind my back,
well, I am justifiably angry.
Absolutely.
They will tell you they've been
forced to cooperate,
that they wouldn't be able
to join the church
or progress in the hierarchy otherwise.
But I haven't made these associations.
I shouldn't pay the price
for their moral weakness.
Who are you talking about
specifically, sir?
Father Andrei, for one.
And also Father...
Not now.
I'm sorry. It can't wait.
The team on Acrobat just radio'd in.
They think he just did something.
Not sure, but it looked like
he pulled himself into the black
for a couple seconds.
Search him there.
Anything on him, bring him in.
Oleg Burov.
What's wrong?
I got the signal.
I picked up the package.
On my way back...
There was an accident.
A policeman was dead.
Another man... hurt very bad.
A horse...
there was no one else around...
I didn't know if I should help him.
We are not supposed to stop,
on an operational run.
If police arrived,
they could've questioned me,
when I still had it...
- In America, yes...
- Even in training, you said...
we have to act like we're there...
You don't leave a comrade
on the street to die in Moscow.
I want to help you, Oleg.
I really do.
But... you know the situation.
I can't.
This... This sends you to jail.
Twenty years. Thirty years.
They don't care what I say.
You have a wife. A son, you said.
What's so important
that's worth throwing away...
Everybody's here talking peace,
but since you got to town,
two of our agents
were killed in Chicago,
one of our generals died
under suspicious circumstances,
three dead at a defense
contractor's warehouse...
I could go on.
Peace?
What's the dead drop say?
Who sent it?
People in the KGB
are trying to get rid of Gorbachev.
This is what I've been doing here.
We have reason to believe
that they are trying
to make a move right now,
around the Summit.
The message... the dead drop...
I don't know what it says,
but it probably is about that.
If it is...
If...?
They need to get it.
You need to help me get it there.
I can tell you how.
You want me to send a coded message
to the Soviet Union?
Why don't you decode it?
I can't.
It can reveal who sent it.
That's not your problem
right now, Oleg.
We are looking for the illegals
here in D.C.
You tell us how to get to them,
you go home.
I can't.
Let me tell you something, Oleg.
Your old buddies in the KGB
want to get rid of Gorbachev,
I could give a shit.
I can spend the rest of my life here.
I don't know.
But think about it.
I have friends, a family...
My father, my mother...
My brother who died in the war...
And all of us want a better future,
just like you.
Peace.
Food to eat.
All the same things.
Do you think it doesn't matter
who our leader is?
I'm telling you this is why I'm here.
This is why I risked all of that,
my wife, and my baby...
Even though you told me not to.
Can you get that into your thick head?
I made ukha.
No, thanks.
Suit yourself.
Sit.
I'm not staying long.
Nesterenko is alive.
I stopped it.
I also contacted Gorbachev's people.
I told them everything
you were planning.
It's over.
Do you realize what you've done?
They'll take apart
the Centre's leadership.
The people who supported you
all these years.
They'll put them in jail.
All of us...
There's still time for you to get out.
Go somewhere.
I'm sure you could get by anywhere.
You think you're doing me a favor?
I had so much faith in you.
Even when things were...
bad, between us, I...
Never lost faith. In you.
You always reminded me
of the women I fought with in the war.
The way you put country over self.
But now I see
you never really understood
what you were fighting for.
I'm still fighting for those things.
Maybe you started too young.
I thought I knew you...
You lied to me.
If you knew me,
you'd know never to lie to me.
The work you put in,
the sacrifices you made.
Our time with Paige.
It was all for nothing, Elizabeth.
You destroyed it all today.
The damage you've done
is... indescribable.
Far worse than all the good
you've done over these years.
Where will you go?
Back home...
To fight for what's left of my country.
I'm not afraid.
We took it back
from our enemies before,
we'll do it again.
And you?
What's left for you now?
Your house?
Your American kids?
Philip?
It's good to see you.
Your wife wasn't sure it was possible.
She couldn't make it today.
Is she alright?
Fine. Just... work.
Mm.
It's been a long time.
- Mm.
- How are you?
I don't know.
Better in some ways.
You've left the work behind.
I don't miss it.
It wasn't good for me.
Mm.
Quitting was never an option for me.
I know.
The two of you? Your marriage...?
She thinks I broke
some of the vows I made.
Did you?
Yes.
I haven't been as honest
with her as I should have been.
I've been guiding married couples
for a long time...
And I've had the privilege
of talking to your wife
several years now.
She's not a person who trusts easily.
No, she doesn't.
Then there must be
something between you
she thinks is worth staying for.
Maybe.
But she thinks bigger than that.
What do you mean?
She cares about... the whole world.
What did you want to tell her today?
I've heard a rumor that Father Victor
was going to speak
to the American authorities.
Which authorities?
Uh, the FBI.
When?
Today, I think.
Father Victor has always
been jealous of me.
I think he suspects my ties
to your people back home.
But really he's just looking
for a way to get rid of me.
Am I in trouble?
I'm always very careful.
They may be watching us.
If you don't get picked up,
you should try and get home
as soon as possible.
Buy a plane ticket today, if you can.
Take care, Father.
- Suspect on the move. He's on the move.
- Copy that.
Hey. Queen Street. Northeast.
Thanks.
I didn't know you were coming over.
Here I am.
My friend Brian came over last night.
The intern you thought
I slept with to get...
Paige...
We actually like each other.
Just so you know.
Okay.
He'd been at this party
with a bunch of other interns.
He was telling me
about this one guy there,
he didn't really know him that well,
but he was really drunk, throwing up...
It got so bad
Brian and some of his friends
were trying to help, like,
get him in a cab and get home.
And this kid is falling
all over himself,
sick, and crying,
and he starts talking about
how he slept with this older woman.
He felt like she tricked him
or something.
He said she ruined his life.
Now he's quitting and going home.
He works for Sam Nunn.
This happens right in the middle
of the Summit.
Was it you?
Don't be ridiculous.
Was it?
No.
It was all in that book.
And the way you got
so weird about Brian.
We talked about that book.
If you lie to me now, after everything,
I will never forgive you.
Paige...
I swear to you I'm not.
Looking back...
I've always known, Mom.
Every time, every lie, my whole life.
And I know now.
I had nothing to do with that boy.
No wonder Dad can't stand
to be in the same room with you.
Excuse me?
You lie about everything...
- Paige...
- How many times? How many men?
Were you doing this when I was a baby?
You're a whore!
Does Dad know he married a whore...
- Stop it...
- Why?
You don't want to know the truth?
The truth is that moment
you told me who you really are,
I should have done what Henry did...
Get as far away from you as possible.
That's enough!
It doesn't mean anything to me.
I wasn't brought up like you were.
I had to fight.
Always. For everything.
People were killed,
they died, all around me.
If I had to give everything
so that my country would survive,
so that it would never happen again,
I would do it gladly.
We were proud to do whatever we could.
Sex?
What was sex?
Nobody cared.
Including your father.
Every garage that's still
on the list, get there now.
Every suspected safehouse, same thing.
If you were assigned
to utility records,
phone records, cold case files,
you're on garages or safehouses now.
We're assuming if he's running,
that's where he goes?
We're hoping. He doesn't know
we know about them.
Surveillance photos?
Not in yet...
Ganzel.
When's the priest getting here?
Ten minutes.
You must make the right choices
over there.
But the most important thing...
We do not want you to lose who you are.
Hello?
Hi, I was hoping
to make it home for dinner,
but things are very topsy-turvy
at the office.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Try not to wake me up when you come in.
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org